
			    WinXs Version 1.4
		      Copyright	(C) 1996 Mick Meaden
			   All Rights Reserved

       This file contains a summary of new features in each release
       of WinXs	since version 1.0:

       VERSION 1.4

	  - Pax	utility	added.	This provides a	 Windows  interface
	    for	the creation, reading and writing of cpio, ustar or
	    tar	portable archives.

	  - Interface to gzip changed to  save	the  original  file
	    name  in  a	 compressed  file,  and	 to restore it when
	    uncompressing.

	  - The	WinXs shell (32-bit version  only)  improved  in  a
	    number  of	ways.	For  example, it is now	possible to
	    limit the output display to	files  matching	 a  pattern
	    expressed  using DOS wild-card characters. Also the	Run
	    Dialog is not displayed when a  file  is  selected	for
	    execution  by  double-clicking the left mouse button in
	    the	output window.

	  - Diff extended  to  resynchronise  over  a  much  larger
	    number of lines (i.e., 1024	as opposed to 300 on previ-
	    ous	versions).

	  - Bug	fixed in grep.exe that limited search  patterns	 to
	    40 characters.  These are now limited to 32kb.

       VERSION 1.3

	  - WinXs Shell	(32-bit	version	only).	Added for  integra-
	    tion with Explorer.	 Activated by right-clicking on	any
	    Folder and selecting the WinXs menu	item from the  pop-
	    up	context	menu.  Also available from the context menu
	    associated with the	Start button on	the  Taskbar.	The
	    WinXs  shell provides a UNIX-like directory	display	and
	    easy access	to the WinXs tools.

	  - Grep.  Extended to perform file searches based on  mul-
	    tiple  input  patterns, which are specified	in the Grep
	    dialog as a	list of	newline	separated  regular  expres-
	    sions.

	  - Gzip and Gunzip.  Extended	to  accept  multiple  input
	    file  specifications, within limitations imposed by	the
	    underlying DOS-based gzip program.

	  - Limits.  All utilities that	do filename pattern  match-
	    ing	 have  been extended to	cater for the larger direc-
	    tory structures possible on	Windows	95.

	  - More and Hd.  Fixed	a problem to do	with previewing	and
	    printing  files  with  very	long pathnames.	 Also added
	    tooltips to	the more.exe toolbar (32-bit version only).

	  - Dos2unix and Unix2dos.  Fixed a problem to do with con-
	    verting directories	(which somethimes failed to work).

       VERSION 1.2

	  - Introduced a 32-bit	version	 specifically  for  Windows
	    95.	  All  other  changes noted below apply	to both	the
	    16-bit and 32-bit versions of the product.

	  - Added a POSIX.2 compatible implementation of the sed(1)
	    stream editor.

	  - Sed	scripts.  Added	cat-s.sed which	 squeezes  multiple
	    adjacent blank lines in its	input files, and diff-e.sed
	    which generates a sed script from WinXs diff output.

	  - Filename expansion.	 Tools that accept file	 specifica-
	    tions  possibly containing DOS wild-card characters	are
	    extended to	 accept	 a  list  of  space-separated  file
	    specifications;   double-clicking  a  filename  in	the
	    directory listbox associated with these  tools  appends
	    the	selected filename to the end of	the input file list
	    rather than	over-writing its existing  contents.   This
	    change  affects  cat,  col,	compress, dos2unix, expand,
	    file, fmt, fold, grep, grex, sed,  strings,	 tail,	tr,
	    uncompress,	 unix2dos and wc.  Note, however, that this
	    feature is only supported in registered copies  of	the
	    software.

	  - A View item	is added to the	File menu of diff, grep	and
	    the	 General  Utilities applete.  This allows filenames
	    appearing anywhere in the display window to	be selected
	    and	passed to more for viewing.

	  - Du.	 An option is added to display a space	utilization
	    figure after block counts, as a percentage of used file
	    space versus allocated file	space.	This is	useful	for
	    checking  how  much	 disk  space  is  being	wasted as a
	    result of your disk	partition layout (see Du  help	for
	    more information).

	  - Setup.  New	options	are added to set  more.exe  as	the
	    default text file viewer and/or text file print program

	    in the Windows registration	database.   This  is  espe-
	    cially  useful for integration with	Explorer in Windows
	    95.	 An uninstall option is	also added.

	  - Grex.   Fixed  a  problem  in  end-of-line	processing,
	    whereby  the program looped	if '$' was specified as	the
	    search pattern.

	  - Gzip and Gunzip.  In previous  versions,  the  filename
	    for	 the  gzip executable was hard-wired into gzip.pif.
	    This  is  changed  to  use	the  setting  of  Gzip	 in
	    winfile.ini,  thus	correctly  tracking the	location of
	    gzip.exe, which by implication can now be located  any-
	    where on the system	(i.e., not necessarily in the WinXs
	    directory)..

	  - Numerous minor bug fixes to	 the  documentation  (typos
	    etc.).

       VERSION 1.1

	  - Added the utilities	cat(1),	col(1),	expand(1),  fmt(1),
	    fold(1), grex(1), head(1), tail(1) and tr(1).

	  - File(1).  An option	is added to  change  the  order	 in
	    which  the	Windows	registration database and the magic
	    number database are	scanned.

	  - Grep(1).  New options are added (a)	to recursively des-
	    cend subdirectories, and (b) to display unmatched lines
	    rather than	matched	lines.

	  - More(1).  The following fixes and improvements are made
	    in this version: (a) a bug in version 1.0 tab expansion
	    is fixed,  (b)  backspace  sequences  are  now  handled
	    correctly,	and (c)	text can be selected for copying or
	    marking using the mouse.

	  - UNIX eXchange.  The	dos2unix(1) and	unix2dos(1) filters
	    will now convert files in-situ.

	  - The	syntax of regular expressions is extended to accept
	    '\t'  (horizontal  tab)  as	 a single-character RE that
	    matches the	code value 0x09.  Because  Windows  dialogs
	    use	 this  character  to move to the next field, it	was
	    not	possible on v1.0 to specify a tab  character  in  a
	    regular expression.

	  - To help reduce the size of the  product,  a	 number	 of
	    separate  programs	in  v1.0 are combined into a single
	    program in this release.  It is recommended, therefore,

	    that  anyone  upgrading  from  v1.0	should delete their
	    v1.0  installation	and  re-install	 the  product  from
	    scratch.
